[doc] Update cookbook example for socket-based logging in a production sett… (GH-98922) (#98922)
python/cpython: Doc/howto/logging-cookbook.rst

Running a logging socket listener in production
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To run a logging listener in production, you may need to use a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _socket-listener-gist: https://gist.github.com/vsajip/4b227eeec43817465ca835ca66f75e2b

To run a logging listener in production, you may need to use a
```

Single-source the long URL instead of embedding it two different places in the text, so its easier to update and harder to get out of sync. You could also put it after the first paragraph, or at the end of the section if you prefer; I just put it here for now where seemed easiest to find.

process-management tool such as `Supervisor <http://supervisord.org/>`_.

> `Here is a Gist <https://gist.github.com/vsajip/4b227eeec43817465ca835ca66f75e2b>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Here is a Gist <socket-listener-gist_>`__
```

Single-source the URL

| :file:`log_listener.py` | The socket listener program which receives log     |
|                         | events and records them to a file                  |
+-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| :file:`main.py`         | A simple web application which performs logging    |
|                         | via a socket connected to the listener             |
+-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| :file:`webapp.json`     | A JSON configuration file for the web application  |
+-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| :file:`client.py`       | A Python script to exercise the web application    |
+-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+

The web application uses `Gunicorn <https://gunicorn.org/>`_, which is a
popular web application server that starts multiple worker processes to handle
requests. This example setup shows how the workers can write to the same log file
without conflicting with one another --- they all go through the socket listener.

To test these files, do the following in a POSIX environment:

> #. Download `the Gist
>    <https://gist.github.com/vsajip/4b227eeec43817465ca835ca66f75e2b>`_,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Download `the Gist <socket-listener-gist_>`__
```

Single source the URL; also, remove a left over typo'd comma from my previous suggestion and make this an anonymous link to avoid collisions (both things I missed before)

Running a logging socket listener in production
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To run a logging listener in production, you may need to use a

> process-management tool such as `Supervisor <http://supervisord.org/>`_. `Here
> <https://gist.github.com/vsajip/4b227eeec43817465ca835ca66f75e2b>`_ is a Gist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
process-management tool such as `Supervisor <http://supervisord.org/>`_.
`Here is a Gist <https://gist.github.com/vsajip/4b227eeec43817465ca835ca66f75e2b>`__
```

Make the link text larger, more visible and more specific (particularly helpful for a11y), and also anonymous.

Supervisor. It consists of the following files:

+-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| File                    | Purpose                                            |
+=========================+====================================================+
| :file:`prepare.sh`      | A Bash script to prepare the environment for       |
|                         | testing                                            |
+-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| :file:`supervisor.conf` | The Supervisor configuration file, which has       |
|                         | entries for the listener and a multi-process web   |
|                         | application                                        |
+-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| :file:`ensure_app.sh`   | A Bash script to ensure that Supervisor is running |
|                         | with the above configuration                       |
+-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| :file:`log_listener.py` | The socket listener program which receives log     |

> |                         | events and logs them to a file                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                         | events and records them to a file                  |
```

Avoid repetition and ambiguity/double meaning with the word "log" here

+-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+

> | :file:`main.py`         | A simple web application which does logging via a  |
> |                         | socket connected to the listener                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :file:`main.py`         | A simple web application which performs logging    |
|                         | via a socket connected to the listener             |
```

A bit more appropriate and precise word choice here

+-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| :file:`webapp.json`     | A JSON configuration file for the web application  |
+-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| :file:`client.py`       | A Python script to exercise the web application    |
+-------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+

The web application uses `Gunicorn <https://gunicorn.org/>`_, which is a

> popular web application server which starts multiple worker processes to handle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
popular web application server that starts multiple worker processes to handle
```

Improve readability by avoiding double "which"

> requests. The whole setup shows how the workers can write to the same log file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requests. This example setup shows how the workers can write to the same log file
```

A little more precise and specific here

> without treading on each other's toes --- they go through the socket listener.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
without conflicting with one another --- they all go through the socket listener.
```

Use clear, unambiguous terminology and avoid culturally-specific idioms, which may cause difficulty and confusion for an international audience with varying backgrounds and languages.

To test these files, do the following in a POSIX environment:

> 1. Download `the Gist

Reviewer 2: I think this can be [autonumbered lists](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html#lists-and-quote-like-blocks)

Reviewer: Yes, autonumbered lists are generally preferable for longer ordered lists, as they avoid tedious effort, commit noise and the chance of mistakes when items or added, removed or moved.

```suggestion
#. Download `the Gist
```

Author: For some reason, when I used `#`, it didn't autonumber on my machine ... no idea why. Rendered output showed as `#`!

Reviewer: Hmm, assuming you built from the same source as here (which autonumbers just fine on my machine with the latest docs theme and Sphinx 4.5.0, same as on the CIs and build server), my guess would be some issue with the Sphinx version you were using.

Author: Possibly, though it's a very recent version as set up using `make venv` in the `Docs` folder :confused:

>    <https://gist.github.com/vsajip/4b227eeec43817465ca835ca66f75e2b>`_, using
>    the "Download ZIP" button, as a :file:`zip` archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <https://gist.github.com/vsajip/4b227eeec43817465ca835ca66f75e2b>`_,
   as a ZIP archive using the :guilabel:`Download ZIP` button.
```

* Re-order to simplify the phrasing and make it easier to read/follow
* Use the appropriate role for a GUI button
* Use the proper name rather than a file role

> 2. Unzip the above files from the archive into a scratch directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Unzip the above files from the archive into a scratch directory.
```

> 3. In the scratch directory, run :program:`bash prepare.sh` to get things ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In the scratch directory, run ``bash prepare.sh`` to get things ready.
```

It previously confused me too, but `:program:` is for program names (and displays in bold) rather than literal command invocations, for which regular ``inline literals`` is more conventional and appropriate

>    This creates a :file:`run` subdirectory to contain Supervisor related and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This creates a :file:`run` subdirectory to contain Supervisor-related and
```

   log files, and a :file:`venv` subdirectory to contain a virtual environment
   into which ``bottle``, ``gunicorn`` and ``supervisor`` are installed.

> 4. Run :program:`bash ensure_app.bash` to ensure that Supervisor is running with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Run ``bash ensure_app.sh`` to ensure that Supervisor is running with
```

The file, as listed above and in the GIst, has the `.sh` rather than the `.bash` extension

   the above configuration.

> 5. Run :program:`venv/bin/python client.py` to exercise the web application,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Run ``venv/bin/python client.py`` to exercise the web application,
```

   which will lead to records being written to the log.

> 6. Inspect the log files in the :file:`run` subdirectory. You should see the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Inspect the log files in the :file:`run` subdirectory. You should see the
```

>    most recent log lines in files matching :file:`app.log*`. They won't be in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   most recent log lines in files matching the pattern :file:`app.log*`. They won't be in
```

Be more explicit this is a pattern, which confused me a bit the first time I read it

   any particular order, since they have been handled concurrently by different

>    worker processes, and that does not happend in a deterministic way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   worker processes, and that does not happen in a deterministic way.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   worker processes in a non-deterministic way.
```

This can be made simpler, less wordy and more readable, and also avoids the above typo

> 7. You can shut down the listener and the web application by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. You can shut down the listener and the web application by running
```

>    :program:`venv/bin/supervisorctl -c supervisor.conf shutdown`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``venv/bin/supervisorctl -c supervisor.conf shutdown``.
```

You may need to tweak the configuration files in the unlikely event that the

> ports configured in them cause a clash with something else in your test
> environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configured ports clash with something else in your test environment.
```

Say the same thing with fewer words and better readability
